README.md, before:

# Murphy Gardens

<img src="https://www.rqwebdev.com/images/project1-min.jpg" alt="Murphy Gardens Website">

## Introduction

The aim of this build was to create a modern, attractive, responsive static site for a local business, to improve its client base and make communication easier through a contact form.

## Technologies

This project utilises ReactJS to build a web app for a local business. It is a static site with added page animations and uses React-Router to switch pages.

The CSS was typed using BEM methodology and the app is split into multiple pages and components for improved organisation and scalability.

## Available Script Commands

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

updated Readme with software versions

README.md, after:

# Murphy Gardens

<img src="https://www.rqwebdev.com/images/project1-min.jpg" alt="Murphy Gardens Website">

## Introduction

The aim of this build was to create a modern, attractive, responsive static site for a local business, to improve its client base and make communication easier through a contact form.

Working on this project helped to solidify my understanding of concisely written BEM CSS, component libraries in React and gain experience of designing a website from scratch, then face the challenges of coding it out within a modern JS Library

## Technologies

This project utilises ReactJS to build a web app for a local business. It is a static site with added page animations and uses React-Router to switch pages. Page animations were incorporated using Framer-Motion.

The CSS was typed using BEM methodology and the app is split into multiple pages and components for improved organisation and scalability.

#### Versions used:

React 17.0.1
react-router/react-router-dom 5.2.0
styled-components 5.2.1
framer-motion 2.9.5

## Available Script Commands

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
